Updated documentation for `quarkus.test.arg-line` (#19029)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/tests-with-coverage.adoc

----

> WARNING: Setting `quarkus.test.arg-line` will break integration tests run on a native executable or docker image, so use maven profiles where needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Sharing the same value for `quarkus.test.arg-line` might break integration test runs that test different types of Quarkus artifacts. In such cases, the use of maven profiles is advised.
```
